hey guys shadows here and welcome to
another dead rise in free videos as we
get to the end of 2013 with the release
of this game as a xbox one launch title
I have definitely been enjoying myself
so so much with this dead rise in sequel
to one of the best series and games i
have ever played on the xbox 360 that
rice and free has been amazing so far I
haven't completed the yet just yet guys
I'm about halfway through I do have many
of them psychopath gameplays already
saved up and pre-recorded just because
it's the Christmas season and it's very
very close to Christmas Day it's very
very hard to get around to uploading so
many different variety videos for all
these different games I do love playing
and uploading for you guys when i'm
trying to see family and friends at the
same time but i bet you guys can relate
to me and understand that everyone is
having this same trouble here on the
YouTube scene so let's actually get into
the video talking about the first deal
see four Dead Rising free we know it's
called operation broken eagle and we
also know that it stars a brand new
character and his own kind of like
untold story of his side of Los perdidos
the city dead rising 3 is located in so
before we actually get into the
information guys the agile release date
was initially slated for a 20 full of
December actually Christmas Eve which
would be tomorrow however after a bit of
time of thinking and just planning in
that Capcom have decided to delay the
DLC unfortunately to a confirmed release
date of january twenty first cap corn
have also released this statement as
well which is as followed adding new
content to the massive open world off
los perdidos is a major undertaking and
to ensure we were and provide the best
possible experience for players we are
putting a few additional weeks of polish
and testing into the episode before it's
released stay tuned for additional
updates so i'm glad they are actually
laying it guys because i still have
plenty of games to play as the xbox one
has only been out for a month or so at
the moment so i'm glad to hear this make
the content
best for us the fans as they can and I
would rather see them do this instead of
releasing a half-finished the LC which
we would all regret buying so let's
actually get into the details of the DLC
and what it includes so we know the DLC
stars spec ops commander Adam Cain you
can see a his appearance on screen right
now and a mission to hunt down and
capture the US president as well as new
weapons a new costume and a new vehicle
dead rising 3 operation broken eagle
will now be available from january
twenty first it can also be obtained
with the season pass like I've said so
that's what Adam Cain did the commander
of this kinda like special force ops
where've in dead rising free looks like
he does look like a bit of a badass
hanya is actually a part of the evil
team the body guys whenever you play
dead rising you always go against these
special military forces and that is what
this commander Adam Cain is a part of so
I'm glad to get to see we're actually
having the chance to play it the enemies
we've been a dead rising game so let's
move on to the achievements guys that's
the only information we have on the DLC
at the moment I don't think we're
beginning any more details but we do
have the nine achievements to share with
you guys so we will be getting nine
achievements and also a total of ninety
game score this will probably work out
like it will for every other DLC where
we'll be seeing another nine achievement
and then another 90 game score for all
the other three other DLCs so starting
off with the first achievement it's
known as eyes in the sky hack all zdc
cameras we've already seen the cameras
in action in Nick's single-player story
of dead rising free so we already know
what them collectibles are the next
achievement is known as
counter-terrorist infect allsafe's owns
so that just confirms that we are apart
of the bad teams that's showing that we
will be going into these safe zones
where Nick is actually trying to keep
safe and guilty survivors 22 will be
infecting them so it does show we are a
part of the enemy team on this DLC the
third achievement is known as LIF to
fight again recover all squad members
the next achievement is rest in peace
collect all dog tags so maybe this is D
collectible for the DLC and we'll
probably have to go
and finding all the dog tags for our
fallen squad mates the next achievement
is known as covering the traces collect
precious cargo the next achievement is
cleaning house prep base camp for
bravoteens probably a another special
ops team that will be bringing in into
the fight on dead rising free the next
achievement is called delivery man
collect Charlie to supply the next
achievement is eagle has landed locate
the president so that is the mission of
the DLC and you will get that
achievement as soon as you basically get
to the end you probably have a few bit
more gameplay probably a cutscene as
well then you'll be obtaining the last
achievement which is duty or death
complete dead rising free operation
broken eagle so that last achievement
says duty or death to maybe like all the
Dead Rising games where they have
different endings like ending a ending
be ending see maybe the DLCs will have
these different engines as well which
will make it really seemed like a dead
rising dlc so I can't wait for the
release of this guy's thank you very
much for watching another video time
until next time I'll see you on my next
video